README.md, before:

# Datasheets-for-Earth-Science-Datasets
Welcome! This repository contains the “beta version” of Datasheets for Earth Science Datasets released for feedback, comments, and questions from the broader Earth science community. Please check out the **InstructionalGuide** to learn more!

# Contents
* [**InstructionalGuide**](https://github.com/dmhuehol/Datasheets-for-Earth-Science-Datasets/blob/main/InstructionalGuide.pdf): Read this first! Describes the Datasheets for Earth Science Datasets concept, provides instructions for filling out a datasheet, and answers common questions.
* [**blank_EarthScienceDatasheet**](https://github.com/dmhuehol/Datasheets-for-Earth-Science-Datasets/blob/main/blank_EarthScienceDatasheet.pdf): A blank PDF datasheet template.
* [**blank_LaTeX/**](https://github.com/dmhuehol/Datasheets-for-Earth-Science-Datasets/tree/main/blank_LaTeX): Contains blank LaTeX datasheet files.
* [**demo_EarthScienceDatasheets/**](https://github.com/dmhuehol/Datasheets-for-Earth-Science-Datasets/tree/main/demo_EarthScienceDatasheets): Two demonstration datasheets filled out by Charlotte Connolly and Daniel Hueholt. ***Please read the InstructionalGuide file before the demonstration datasheets!***
* [**GebruEtAl_DatasheetsForDatasets**](https://github.com/dmhuehol/Datasheets-for-Earth-Science-Datasets/blob/main/GebruEtAl_DatasheetsForDatasets.pdf): The original paper by Gebru et al. proposing [Datasheets for Datasets for software engineering](https://cacm.acm.org/magazines/2021/12/256932-datasheets-for-datasets/abstract). We have adapted this format for Earth science applications. (Please note that we had no relation to this original work!)

# Contact us! 
**Charlotte Connolly**  
Email: `cconn [at] rams.colostate.edu`  
PhD Student in Atmospheric Science at Colorado State University in the [Barnes Group](https://barnes.atmos.colostate.edu/).  
**Daniel Hueholt**  
Email: `daniel.hueholt [at] colostate.edu`  
PhD Student in Atmospheric Science at Colorado State University in the [Barnes Group](https://barnes.atmos.colostate.edu/) and [Hurrell Group](https://sites.google.com/rams.colostate.edu/hurrellgroup/home).

## License
The datasheet template files are licensed under [Creative Commons 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode).

Commit message:

Add datasheet tracker
Add section to track completed datasheets

README.md, after:

# Datasheets-for-Earth-Science-Datasets
Welcome! This repository contains the “beta version” of Datasheets for Earth Science Datasets released for feedback, comments, and questions from the broader Earth science community. Please check out the **InstructionalGuide** to learn more!

# Contents
* [**InstructionalGuide**](https://github.com/dmhuehol/Datasheets-for-Earth-Science-Datasets/blob/main/InstructionalGuide.pdf): Read this first! Describes the Datasheets for Earth Science Datasets concept, provides instructions for filling out a datasheet, and answers common questions.
* [**blank_EarthScienceDatasheet**](https://github.com/dmhuehol/Datasheets-for-Earth-Science-Datasets/blob/main/blank_EarthScienceDatasheet.pdf): A blank PDF datasheet template.
* [**blank_LaTeX/**](https://github.com/dmhuehol/Datasheets-for-Earth-Science-Datasets/tree/main/blank_LaTeX): Contains blank LaTeX datasheet files.
* [**demo_EarthScienceDatasheets/**](https://github.com/dmhuehol/Datasheets-for-Earth-Science-Datasets/tree/main/demo_EarthScienceDatasheets): Two demonstration datasheets filled out by Charlotte Connolly and Daniel Hueholt. ***Please read the InstructionalGuide file before the demonstration datasheets!***
* [**GebruEtAl_DatasheetsForDatasets**](https://github.com/dmhuehol/Datasheets-for-Earth-Science-Datasets/blob/main/GebruEtAl_DatasheetsForDatasets.pdf): The original paper by Gebru et al. proposing [Datasheets for Datasets for software engineering](https://cacm.acm.org/magazines/2021/12/256932-datasheets-for-datasets/abstract). We have adapted this format for Earth science applications. (Please note that we had no relation to this original work!)

# Contact us! 
**Charlotte Connolly**  
Email: `cconn [at] rams.colostate.edu`  
PhD Student in Atmospheric Science at Colorado State University in the [Barnes Group](https://barnes.atmos.colostate.edu/).  
**Daniel Hueholt**  
Email: `daniel.hueholt [at] colostate.edu`  
PhD Student in Atmospheric Science at Colorado State University in the [Barnes Group](https://barnes.atmos.colostate.edu/) and [Hurrell Group](https://sites.google.com/rams.colostate.edu/hurrellgroup/home).

# Datasheet tracker
In addition to the two demonstration datasheets archived in this repository, we are currently tracking other datasheets which have been completed:
* [**mhws-esm**](https://github.com/dmhuehol/mhws-esm/blob/main/Hueholt_DatasheetforMHWsARISE15_20230423.pdf) written by Daniel Hueholt using v0.1
* [**Assessing Decadal Variability of Subseasonal Forecasts of Opportunity using Explainable AI**](https://github.com/mbarcodia/ERC23_paper_code/blob/main/ERC23_datasheet4datascientist.pdf) written by Marybeth Arcodia using v0.0

# License
The datasheet template files are licensed under [Creative Commons 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode).
